                                                 Design Software,
                                                 42 Gubberley St,
                                                 Kenmore, Qld 4069,
                                                 AUSTRALIA.

Dear Colleague,

We wish to introduce you  to  the  CMATH  software  library.   The 
library is a collection of mathematical routines written in the  C 
programming  language  and  includes  routines  to  perform  basic 
numerical operations such as:
     Qinterpolation and differentiation of user supplied data;
     Qsolution of simultaneous linear and nonlinear equations;
     Qminimization of multidimensional functions;
     Qquadrature;
     Qintegration of ordinary differential equations;
     QFourier transforms;
     Qmanipulation of complex numbers.
The features of the library are:
     Qa well documented user interface.
     Qthe checking of user input.
     Qsoft failure.  Error codes are returned where appropriate.
      These can be output as a succinct English explanation.
     Qtest cases.  These can be used as a basis for constructing 
      new programs, and for checking installation.
     Qthe use of C's dynamic memory allocation.  This results in 
      efficient memory use and simplified parameter lists.

The CMATH  library  is  directed  toward  the  needs  of  tertiary 
educators, students and researchers in the  applied  sciences  and 
professional scientists and engineers in industry.   The  routines 
are ready for embedding in your own C programs and will save  many 
hours of coding and debugging time and thus let you concentrate on 
your application.  Already,  CMATH  routines  have  been  used  in 
numerically intensive computations in:
     Qcomputational fluid dynamics;
     Qstructural mechanics and design;
     QCAD surface design;
     Qsimulation of dynamical systems;
     Qgas dynamic and hydraulic design;
     Qstatistical modelling and parameter estimation.
For educators, the availability of this inexpensive  and  portable 
software should facilitate the teaching of C programming to second 
or third level engineering and applied science students where  the 
emphasis is on more difficult numerical problems.

This combination of features and the numerical techniques  covered 
by the CMATH routines, makes CMATH a competitive library.  If  you 
wish to obtain further information or wish to purchase  the  CMATH 
library, please contact us.

Yours faithfully,




Nigel Lott and Peter Jacobs,
Design Software.
